What are you doing here?
I know it all
Su Tan is not your girlfriend either
The person you like and the person you want to marry has always been me
Right?
It's getting late, I'll take you back
Guo Sijun, aren't you the hero who saved me?
You are a coward
Miaomiao is happy to miss your wedding
I've decided to leave.
I wish you a happy wedding in advance.
Happy all the way
I'm leaving for London the day after tomorrow.
You first help me put a stranger's wedding dress
Sell it, I won't be able to come in the future
Sell the wedding dress
It's over between me and Gu Zijun
Did you see it?
Isn't my son cute?
Your son is very cute.
I really want to hug him
Your godmother is not competent at all
I would eat without your son
When you come back, you must give him a good hug.
It's all my fault
After going back?
Be sure to buy a big gift to apologize to my godson
You are back.